#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cookiecutter
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
astroid==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.1.1
    # via jaraco-context
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cookiecutter
build==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest-cookies
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via secretstorage
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   django-model-utils
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
doc8==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
filelock==3.14.0
    # via virtualenv
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   sphinx
keyring==25.2.1
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via build
pytest==8.2.1
    # via pytest-cookies
pytest-cookies==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2024.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
sh==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements/test.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   pydocstyle
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   build
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
twine==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pylint
    #   rich
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
zipp==3.18.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
